docs: add v4.0.0 release notes (#1261)
regen-network/regen-ledger: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Regen Ledger v4.0.0

## New Features

The new features made available in Regen Ledger `v4.0.0` are as follows:

### On-Chain Projects

> We've updated the core functionality of the ecocredit module to support on-chain projects. This means on-the-ground project developers providing ecosystem services will now be represented as on-chain entities and information about each project will be stored separate from the credit batch and each credit batch will be linked to the associated project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've updated the core functionality of the ecocredit module to support on-chain projects. This means on-the-ground project developers providing ecosystem services will now be represented as on-chain entities. Information about each project will be stored separate from the credit batch and each credit batch will be linked to the associated project.
```

In this initial implementation, projects exist within credit classes and only an approved issuer of a given credit class can create a project associated with that credit class. The issuer of the credit class becomes the project admin when the project is created and can then reassign the admin role to any address.

For more information about projects, check out the [ecocredit module documentation](https://docs.regen.network/modules/ecocredit/).

### Marketplace Functionality

> The ecocredit module includes a new marketplace submodule that supports a simple storefront model for creating sell orders and purchasing credits directly from those sell orders. When a sell order is created, the credits being sold are held in escrow. The default behavior is to have credits auto-retired upon sale but the seller has the option to disable auto-retirement and the buyer has the option to disable auto-retirement if auto-retirement is disabled in the sell order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ecocredit module includes a new marketplace submodule that supports a simple storefront model for creating sell orders and purchasing credits directly from those sell orders. When a sell order is created, the credits being sold are held in escrow. The default behavior is to have credits auto-retired upon sale but the seller has the option to disable auto-retirement. When a sell-order has auto-retirement disabled, the buyer can choose to receive the purchased credits in a retired or tradable state.
```

thoughts on this change? i feel it expresses the behavior more directly

Author: I like it. :+1:

> Credit owners can only list credits for sale with a token denom that is on an "allowed denom" list specific to the marketplace and controlled through on-chain governance. The allowed denom list will be empty at the time of the upgrade and the community will be able to submit proposals to add allowed denoms following the upgrade. See this discussion for more information.

Reviewer: i think the discussion link may have been missed here

Author: Good catch. https://github.com/regen-network/regen-ledger/pull/1261/commits/4365c0d46e4bcf86f7c29084263be25e4dde21b1

An example of a credit batch in Regen Ledger v3.0:

```
C01-20200101-20210101-001
```

*The first credit batch from the first credit class of the "C" credit type with a start date of January 1st 2020 and an end date of January 1st 2021 (credit class id "C01" and batch sequence "001").*

An example of a credit batch in Regen Ledger v4.0:

```
C01-001-20200101-20210101-001
```

*The first credit batch from the first project of the first credit class of the "C" credit type with a start date of January 1st 2020 and an end date of January 1st 2021 (credit class id "C01", project id "C01-001", and batch sequence "001").*

## Changelog

For a full list of changes since Regen Ledger v3.0, please see [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md).

## Validator Upgrade Guide

> An upgrade guide for validators is available at [Upgrade Guide v4.0](https://docs.regen.network/validators/upgrades/v4.0-upgrade.html).

Reviewer 2: @ryanchristo is this supposed to 404?

Reviewer 2: Approved - assuming we'll create this later.

Author: It has yet to be written but this will be the correct link: https://github.com/regen-network/regen-ledger/issues/1238
